Lua script

The programming language that is possibly seen in the game engine will be Lua scripting that not much is currently known about
the scripting yet; however the scripting text appears like here in GitHub

Names for Lua script

1. Lua programming language
2. Lua script
3. Lua transcript
4. Lua tablet language
5. Lua transmission
6. Etc.

The multiple names that can be used for understanding the upcoming information that will be provided later on as the programming language 
is known as C++ that does not make sense though for Lua because the non-paid site Letnie is the basic only known coding language for
L+ hence those seeking knowledge from information such as the letter L in Lua, makes more sense that the programming language would be
known as in the coding language L+ that is easy to understand what a group of people want to call a certain type of gaming language such
as the majority uses the language of C++ as the normal or lamen term for a coding language used in a program

Lua scripting has been developed from Roberto Ierusalimschy that I will want to buy just about every book available for the purpose of 
understanding the language that is being written in the game engine. I will most likely take over the Lua scripting in the game engine
as it has been heard that the developer of the original game engine has moved onto another game engine, would be nice to eventually meet
some of the people who built these programs that is awesome to know that the Lua scripting has been developed by Catholics that is a 
wonderful thing because I am Catholic! 

The game name Neom I: Nacirema has just been written inside the game engine on 1-31-2026 as written records are a fun part learning
about the different tools available for use in creating such a thing as a video game. The knowledge is beyond comprehension and the
programming language is believed to be the choice for the future game series in Neom those of you guys getting involved will start
to understand why Saudi Arabia uses the name Neom as the principle learning tool for the surrounding countries, you do not know if
the neighboring countries even understand what a line is in real life? The belief is that the game series will help build skills
inside and outside of the programming language that the first game is assumed to appear like older video game graphics that will be
molded later on into life like animations in the later game series of Neom
