Steamworks SDK

The Software Development Kit known as the SDK in Steam that helps users see some of the features of the game that is a basic design
that helps allow uploading desired information about the game

List of some features

1. glmgr - The term "glmgr" does not have a current definition that is only referenced as the "ToGL" tool that is possibly seen
as the toggle mechanism inside that communicates between DirectX to OpenGL that can be seen in repo:ValveSoftware/ToGL - The term
"glmgr" is most likely referred to as the Graphic Library Manager that helps go to a directory such as the Graphics Library (GL)

2. public/steam - The Steamworks API official support is C++

3. redistributable_bin - Windows, macOS, and Linux are the 3 redistributable files that can be placed into folders of your choice,
choosing what computer redistributable file is suggested to choose the above device you own for relevant files to be placed into
your folder

4. Steamworks API Application - requirements (Visual Studio 2005 or newer, DirectX SDK, and Steamworks SDK most current file)

Tools

1. ContentBuilder - Uploading content into game SCS

2. ContentServer - Local Content Server (LCS) is a server like Apache or nginx only deal with depot content that you will want 
to have another server such as Mongoose that is prebuilt in the most current SDK

3. drm - Digital Rights Management (drm) has been called a wrapper in Steam for the protection of a game that verifies the 
ownership and makes sure that the game will successfuly launch - drm is a protocol used by Steam that codes information that
will make a game successful and an obligation from many parties

4. goldmaster - Goldmaster is a basic internal and external disc for both projects if you wish to sell a Compact Disc or just
complete an Online Disc for launching your game

5. linux - Steam for Linux is available for users that wish to port game information into Steam from Linux, the information is
meant for users that wish to contribute from Linux into Steam. The only reason to use Linux is to produce for the game in Steam.
The available Linux opportunities within Steam are fun using Linux that is the purpose of understanding where the product came
from when multiple platforms use the game. Users are required to use Steam products if developing outside any Steam device if 
desiring to use Linux on a PC or macOS, the purpose using a device for Steam is attempting to bring back life into Steam. The basic
thing is do not go above Steam because the company is the best that has made many wonderful projects through Linux and the information
has to come back to Steam

6. ContentPrep.zip - The content prep file is discouraged to be used if found by a user, the software team has deemed something
about the prep file not accepted upon using in Steam, so the basic thing is not using the prep file if you know anything about
the prep file

7. SteamPipeGUI.zip - SteamPipe GUI Tool (SGT) is a tool that is helpful with creating config files and upload builds

The Software Development Kit is one of the principle concepts that are used for the game and building upon the game can build
upon lives that play the game, getting involved with the game is easy, choosing one part of the kit is easy to study, pick one
of the studies inside here and you will become the master of the individual study in the kit, an important step for every team
that will grow from learning about one aspect of the game
